Sidecar frontend readme docs (#283)
github/view_component: README.md

</li>
```

### Sidecar Frontend Assets

An interesting design pattern the community is exploring is including Javascript files and possibly stylesheets alongside components, which allows backend and frontend development of a component to proceed in parallel. These additional frontend assets are sometimes called "sidecar" assets or files.

> To use the Rails Webpacker gem to compile sidecar assets located in `app/components`, you will need to add a couple of setup steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the Webpacker gem to compile sidecar assets located in `app/components`:
```

> 1. In `config/webpacker.yml`, you will need to add `"app/components"` to the `resolved_paths` array (e.g. `resolved_paths: ["app/components"]`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In `config/webpacker.yml`,  add `"app/components"` to the `resolved_paths` array (e.g. `resolved_paths: ["app/components"]`).
```

> 2. In your Webpack entry file (likely `app/javascript/packs/application.js`), you'll need to add an import statement to a helper file and in the helper file import all the components' Javascript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the Webpack entry file (often `app/javascript/packs/application.js`), add an import statement to a helper file, and in the helper file, import the components' Javascript:
```

Near the top the entry file, add:

```js
import "../components"
```

Then add the following to a new file `app/javascript/components.js`:

```js
function importAll(r) {
  r.keys().forEach(r)
}

importAll(require.context("../components", true, /_component.js$/))
```

> Now any file with that suffix, for example `app/components/widget_component.js` will get compiled into the Webpack bundle. If that file itself imports another file, for example `app/components/widget_component.css`, that will also get compiled and bundled into Webpack's output stylesheet if you're using Webpack for styles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any file with the `_component.js` suffix, for example `app/components/widget_component.js`, will get compiled into the Webpack bundle. If that file itself imports another file, for example `app/components/widget_component.css`, that will also get compiled and bundled into Webpack's output stylesheet if Webpack is being used for styles.
```

> #### Scoping Frontend Component Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Encapsulating sidecar assets
```

> There are many approaches to this, the goal being that any Javascript or CSS doesn't "leak" out into other parts of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally, sidecar Javascript/CSS should not "leak" out of the context of its associated component. 
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Web Components
```

> One approach is to use standards-based Web Components. Because all Javascript functionality, internal markup, and styles are contained within the shadow root of the Web Component, it minimizes the risk of unexpected side-effects regarding other components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One approach is to use Web Components, which contain all Javascript functionality, internal markup, and styles within the shadow root of the Web Component.
```

> Here's an example of how that would work. You'd define three files per component: the `ViewComponent` Ruby object, the Rails view template, and the corresponding Javascript implementation of the Web Component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

`app/components/comment_component.rb`
```ruby

> class CommentComponent < ApplicationComponent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class CommentComponent < ViewComponent::Base
```

  end

  def avatar
    commenter.avatar_image_url
  end

  def formatted_body
    simple_format(@comment.body)
  end
end
```

`app/components/comment_component.html.erb`
```erb
<my-comment comment-id="<%= comment.id %>">
  <time slot="posted" datetime="<%= comment.created_at.iso8601 %>"><%= comment.created_at.strftime("%b %-d") %></time>

  <div slot="avatar"><img src="<%= avatar %>" /></div>

  <div slot="author"><%= commenter_name %></div>

  <div slot="body"><%= formatted_body %></div>
</my-comment>
```

`app/components/comment_component.js`
```js
class Comment extends HTMLElement {
  styles() {
    return `
      :host {
        display: block;
      }
      ::slotted(time) {
        float: right;
        font-size: 0.75em;
      }
      .commenter { … }
      .body { … }
    `
  }

  connectedCallback() {
    this.shadowRoot.innerHTML = `
      <style>
        ${this.styles()}
      </style>
      <slot name="posted"></span>
      <div class="commenter">
        <slot name="avatar"></slot> <slot name="author"></slot>
      </div>
      <div class="body">
        <slot name="body"></slot>
      </div>
    `
  }
}
customElements.define('my-comment', Comment)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Stimulus
```

> Another approach is to use a framework like Stimulus and create a 1:1 mapping between a Stimulus controller and a component. We'll leave the controller and HTML markup as an exercise for the reader, but in order to load in Stimulus controllers from the `app/components` tree, you'll have to amend the Stimulus boot code in `app/javascript/packs/application.js` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Stimulus, create a 1:1 mapping between a Stimulus controller and a component. In order to load in Stimulus controllers from the `app/components` tree, amend the Stimulus boot code in `app/javascript/packs/application.js`:
```

```js
const application = Application.start()
const context = require.context("controllers", true, /.js$/)
const context_components = require.context("../../components", true, /_controller.js$/)
application.load(
  definitionsFromContext(context).concat(
    definitionsFromContext(context_components)
  )
)
```

> This will allow you to create files such as `app/components/widget_controller.js` and as long as the controller identifier matches the `data-controller` attribute in the component's HTML template, you're all set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will allow you to create files such as `app/components/widget_controller.js`, where the controller identifier matches the `data-controller` attribute in the component's HTML template.
```

|@mellowfish|@horacio|@dukex|@dark-panda|@smashwilson|
|Spring Hill, TN|Buenos Aires|São Paulo||Gambrills, MD|

> |<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/blakewilliams?s=256" alt="blakewilliams" width="128" />|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/seanpdoyle?s=256" alt="seanpdoyle" width="128" />|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/tclem?s=256" alt="tclem" width="128" />|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/nashby?s=256" alt="nashby" width="128" />|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/jaredcwhite?s=256" alt="nashby" width="128" />|

Reviewer 2: Minor, but I think the `alt` tag should be `jaredcwhite`
